Added Push to Glossary (#11)
introcompsys/spring2022: resources/glossary.md

repository
  a project folder with tracking information in it in the form of a .git file
  

> to push (a file)
>   to put whatever you were working on from your local machine onto a cloud-based version control system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
push (changes to a repository)
  to put whatever you were working on from your local machine onto a remote copy of the repository in a version control system.
```
